well I want to introduce you to my
barbecue box this piece of equipment I
worked on for quite a while before I get
everything working the way I want so
this is some special I think some of you
guys probably know the cartina and so
this might be the little brother over
very easy it's
we got a little smoke device due to
sawdust in it put a piece of burning
coal and then and well there you have
the smoke
Griffin roast they are different once I
got them special for ribs I will show
you in a moment
this is the pen for the cool the heat
reflects from the from the bottom of the
of the path to meet or whatever you want
to barbecue inside or heat up works
perfect even if you try brisket what
takes a long time you can use this to do
it
well this is a special rack for the ribs
or if you want to smoke some fish this
is perfect way
goes right in there very easy calls it
put some coal in there
stop smoke and everything is set that's
basically
published works
so well the next videos I show you some
recipes and show you how to cook with it
okay thanks for watching and don't
forget to subscribe to my channel and
see you later
okay bye